 1. Which one of the following is best describe Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) of cloud computing?        
                                        
                        
        CSP provides servers, storage, and in some cases, networking resources. Consumers install operating systems and applications and perform all required                  maintenance on the operating systems and applications
        
                        
        Provide fully functional applications typically accessible via a web browser
        
                        
        CSP provide consumers with hardware, an operating system, and applications
        
                        
        None of the above
 

 2. On performing penetration testing which describes best a footprinting phase?        
                                        
                        
        It is a process of performing enumeration of services
        
                        
        It is a process of investigating a target by google hacking or search engines
        
                        
        It is a process of port scanning to gather vulnerable or open port
        
                        
        All of the above


 3.  On performing penetration testing which describes best a footprinting phase?        
                                        
                        
        It is a process of performing enumeration of services
        
                        
        It is a process of investigating a target by google hacking or search engines
        
                        
        It is a process of port scanning to gather vulnerable or open port
        
                        
        All of the above

 
 3. Which of the following four passwords is the most secure?        
                                        
                        
        Boat123
        
                        
        WTh!5Z
        
                        
        123456
        
                        
        into*48
        
                                        
 4.  Which of the following is not a factor you need to consider when evaluating access control products for your company?         
                                        
                        
        Classification level of data
        
                        
        Legal and regulation issues
        
                        
        Logical access controls provided by products
        
                        
        Level of training that employees have received
        
                                        
 5. RADIUS provides which of the following?        
                                        
                        
         Authentication, Authorization, Availability
        
                        
        Authentication, Authorization, Accounting
        
                        
        Authentication, Accounting, Auditing
        
                        
        Authentication, Authorization, Auditing
        
                                        
 6. What is the proper sequence of the TCP three-way-handshake?       
                                        
                        
        SYN-ACK, ACK, ACK
        
                        
        SYN, ACK, SYN-FIN
        
                        
        SYN, ACK, FIN
        
                        
        SYN, SYN-ACK, ACK
        
                                        
 7. You have been promoted to security officer for CBE and are performing an audit of elevated privileges for the network. You observe that there are many members         from the help desk that have privileges to various systems that they do not require to do their job on a daily basis. What best business practice does your             company lack?        
                                        
                        
        Separation of duties
        
                        
        Privilege creep
        
                        
        Principle of least privilege
        
                        
        Need to know
        
                                


 8. Which one of the following is an example of basic security function which timely reviews system access records?        
                                        
                        
        Avoidance
        
                        
        Prevention
        
                        
        Detection
        
                        
        Deterrence
        
 9. Which one of the following is three principal schemes that provide a framework for managing access control?        
                                        
                        
        Discretionary Access Control (DAC), Mandatory Access Control (MAC), and Role Based Access Control (RBAC).
        
                        
        Role Based Access Control (RBAC), Layer Based Access Protocol (LBAP), and Target Based Access Protocol (TBAP).
        
                        
        Mandatory Access Control (MAC), Layer Based Access Protocol (LBAP), and Target Based Access Protocol (TBAP).
        
                        
        Discretionary Access Control (DAC), Mandatory Access Control (MAC), and Layer Based Access Protocol (LBAP).
        
                                        
 10. In a big company with a lot of application servers a server admins have a difficulty remembering all of their passwords.        
                                        
                        
        Lower the passwords’ complexity requirements
        
                        
        Add assisted user reset capabilities
        
                        
        Use single sign-on
        
                        
        All of the above
        
                                        
 11. Auditing is considered what method of access control?        
                                        
                        
        Administrative
        
                        
        Detective
        
                        
        Preventive
        
                        
        Technical
        
                                        
 12. Which of the following is a default port number for SSH        
                                        
                        
        443
        
                        
        54
        
                        
        23
        
                        
        22


 13.  Which one of the following are the three primary methods for authenticating users to a system or network?        
                                        
                        
        authorization, identification, and tokens.
        
                        
        passwords, tokens, and biometrics.
        
                        
        identification, encryption, and authorization.
        
                        
        passwords, encryption, and identification.
        
                                        
 14. When an employee transfers within an organization … ?        
                                        
                        
        The employee must undergo a new security review.
        
                        
        The employee must turn in all access devices.
        
                        
        The old system IDs must be disabled.
        
                        
        All access permission should be reviewed.
        
                                        
 15. Which of the following entity is ultimately responsible for information security within an organization?        
                                        
                        
        Senior Management
        
                        
        Department Directors
        
                        
        IT Security Officer
        
                        
        All of the above
        
                                        
 16. Which one of the following is an Intended to outline best practice - they are not mandatory, but help employees follow      the rules while            allowing      for flexibility and common sense in different scenarios?        
                                        
                        
        Standard
        
                        
        Rule
        
                        
        Guidelines
        
                        
        Policy
        
                                        
 17. For the data hosted in the cloud which one of the following party is legally responsible?        
                                        
                        
        The client
        
                        
        The consumer
        
                        
        The cloud service provider
        
                        
        IT Security department



 18. Which of the following four passwords is the most secure?        
                                       
                        
        Boat123
                        
        WTh!5Z
                                
        123456
                                
        into*48

        
 19. Which of the following is not a factor you need to consider when evaluating access control products for your company?       
                        
        Classification level of data
        
                        
        Legal and regulation issues
        
                         
        Logical access controls provided by products
         
                        
